docs: add vite environment variables migrate guide (#3321)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/migration/vite.mdx

- The above table does not cover all configurations of Vue CLI, feel free to add more.

## Environment Variables

Vite injects environment variables starting with `VITE_` into the client code by default, while Rsbuild injects environment variables starting with `PUBLIC_` by default (see [public variables](/guide/advanced/env-vars#public-variables)).

> To be compatible with Vite's behavior, you can manually call Rsbuild's [loadEnv](/api/javascript-api/core#loadenv) method to read environment variables starting with `REACT_APP_`, and inject them into the client code through the [source.define](/config/source/define) config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be compatible with Vite's behavior, you can manually call Rsbuild's [loadEnv](/api/javascript-api/core#loadenv) method to read environment variables starting with `VITE_`, and inject them into the client code through the [source.define](/config/source/define) config.
```
